# On `get`js and `set`js Methods
**Note**: `this._propertyname` typically is the JavaScript convention to indicate the property should be respected as a private object only exposed through methods rather than directly accessed. However, since JavaScript does not support `private`java type objects, it technically is freely accessible through the object.

The `get`js and `set`js methods **bind an object to a function**: calling the function name as if it were an object property, i.e.
```js
// Source: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/get
const obj = {
	log: ['a', 'b', 'c'],
	get latest() {
		return this.log[this.log.length - 1];
	}
};

console.log(obj.latest);	// call the property `latest` as if a function.
//"c"
```
and
```js
// Source: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/set
const language = {
	set current(name) {
		this.log.push(name);
	},
	log: []
};

language.current = 'EN';	// calls the `current` property as a function to push 'EN'
language.current = 'FA';	// above but for 'FA'

console.log(language.log);
//Array ["EN", "FA"]
```
Note `get`js and `set`js **IDEALLY** only either sets or gets the object properties. One could technically do:
```js
const obj = {
	log: ['a', 'b', 'c'],
	get latest() {
		this.log.push('d');
		return this.log[this.log.length - 1];
	}
};

console.log(obj.latest);	// call the property `latest` as if a function.
//"d"
```
without raising an error and expectedly return `'d'`.

# PostgreSQL Full-Text Search Notes
Source: https://www.compose.com/articles/mastering-postgresql-tools-full-text-search-and-phrase-search/

In 2012, PostgreSQL introduced a set of text-search functions and operators with version 9.2. Prior to this, the main method was to `SELECT`sql records `WHERE`sql the contents of said column were `LIKE`sql or `ILIKE`sql a certain pattern.

## Before PSQL FTS
With the `LIKE`sql and `ILIKE`sql operators, one is only able to match contents containing those that explicitly match the query string rather than "normalized" words. Such as `%jumped%` will match any database entry containing 'jumped' but it will NOT match database entries containing 'jump', 'jumps', nor 'jumping'. Furthermore, aforementioned operators will search the whole entry for matches, which may be slow if the entry is of type `VARCHAR` with no limit (implying it may search up for a few matching kB per up to 1 GB cell).

## Basic PSQL FTS (PSQL 9.2)
To efficiently conduct a text-search, developers at PSQL first decided to implment Natural Language Processing to "normalize" words to its fundamental semantics, fundamental meaning (see *lexeme*, "meaning unit"). For example, "jumped" fundamentally conveys the idea of to "jump" (*syn*. hop) and therefore conveys the same logic as "jumps" and "jumping" but with extra information such as tenses. And finally, to reduce the amount of text comparisons, each sentence is reduced to an array of normalized words, a **"normalized vector"**. For example, the sentence, `The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.`, is equivalent to `'brown':3 'dog':9 'fox':4 'jump':5 'lazi':8 'quick':2`. **Note** that `lazy` equals `lazi` probably because `laziness` can also be reduced to `lazi`. **This is the idea of PSQL's `to_tsvector`**. `tsvector` is a PSQL datatype that stands for "Text Search Vector".

Now, all is left is to be able to match the `to_tsvector()` datatype. PSQL introduces `tsquery` to match against the normalized vector created with `to_tsvector()`.

An overview of
- `to_tsvector()`: Pass a string to normalize.
- `to_tsquery()`: Pass an array of query strings, i.e. the words itself or with logical operators, `&` for and, `|` for or, `!` for not. Use parentheses to .

To use `to_tsvector()` and `to_tsquery()`,
```sql
SELECT to_tsvector(searchString)
	@@ to_tsquery(queryString);
-- and returns a `?column?` that has either a `true` or `false` value

-- for example,
SELECT to_tsvector('The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog')  
    @@ to_tsquery('!clown');
-- returns `t` for true.
```

## Improved PSQL FTS (PSQL 9.6)
PSQL 9.6 introduced `<->` to search for word closeness.

## Other Features
- Search Dictionaries: PostgreSQL allows developers to build text-search dictionaries for field-specific synonyms. Although it is time consuming, it is may be necessary because PSQL only provides a general synonym dictionary.
- Search Configurations: One may configure the "stopwords", insignificant words such as articles and prepositions, the dicionary file(s) to use, the template of synonym(s), and integrations with tools such as [Ispell](https://www.cs.hmc.edu/~geoff/ispell.html) to handle spelling and typographical errors. See `TEXT SEARCH CONFIGURATION` for [configuration examples](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/textsearch-configuration.html).
- Weights and Rankings: See [PostgreSQL documentaiotn on controlling test search](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/textsearch-controls.html) such as `setweight()` and `ts_rank()` and [Tim van der Linden's article about it, *broken link as of 2022-10-04](http://shisaa.jp/postset/postgresql-full-text-search-part-3.html)
- Languages: Use `\dF` in `user_name #` to check the configurations available.

## Summary
Because applying tsvector takes resources, it is good practice to generate columns of tsvector with the content, unless the document is updated frequently. The cost is the time it takes to generate the tsvector the first time, but retrieval is disproprtionately faster.

